SQL STORAGE BENCHMARK

LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This SQL Storage Benchmark License Agreement (“License”) is entered into between you (as an individual and/or on behalf of the company by which you are employed) (“You”, “Your” or “Licensee”) and NetApp, Inc., located at 1395 Crossman Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94089 (“NetApp”), and provides the terms under which NetApp licenses the NetApp Software to You.
By accessing, downloading, installing or using the Software, You agree to be bound by the terms of the License. If You do not agree to all of the terms, do not access, download or use this Software.
1. LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, NetApp grants You a limited, revocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable license, with no right of sublicense, to use the Software in the manner specified in the relevant user documentation. For purposes of this License, "Software" means the SQL Storage Benchmark software which includes computer code, development tools, documentation and/or collateral materials. This License is personal to You and You shall not assign, transfer or sublicense the Software without NetApp's prior written approval; any attempt to do so shall be void. NetApp and its licensors are under no obligation to support the Software or to provide You with updates. If NetApp, at its sole option, supplies updates to You, the updates will be considered part of the Software, and subject to the terms of this License.

2. REDISTRIBUTION. Permission to redistribute the Software to third parties is not granted. The Software is obtainable from the only authorized Software distribution location:
http://www.github.com/netapp/SQL_Storage_Benchmark

3. THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. Notwithstanding other statements in this License, the Software may include third party software including free, copyleft and open source software components (collectively referred to as "Third Party Software") that are distributed in compliance with the particular licensing terms and conditions attributable to the Third Party Software. NetApp provides the Third Party Software to you "AS IS" without any warranties or indemnities of any kind.

4. RESTRICTIONS. NetApp, or its licensors, shall retain all right, title and interest in and to the Software and the accompanying documentation, and all copies thereof (hereafter referred to collectively as the "NetApp Software"). Licensee shall not, nor shall Licensee allow any third party to: (a) remove or conceal any product identification, copyright or other notices contained in or on the NetApp Software; (b) publish or provide any results of benchmark tests run on the NetApp Software to a third party without NetApp's prior written consent; or (c) display, reproduce, publish, sell, offer for sale or create a derivative work of any part of the NetApp Software. Any such modification of the NetApp Software will breach this License, and such derivative work is and shall be owned entirely by NetApp; You hereby assign and agree to assign to NetApp all right, title and interest in and to said derivative work. NetApp, and any relevant third parties, reserve the right to revise, including bug fixes and/or patches, upgrade or otherwise change or modify the NetApp Software ("Upgrade") at anytime Licensee shall implement each Upgrade as it is made generally available by NetApp and is prohibited and shall immediately cease use of any version of the NetApp Software not incorporating such Upgrade.

5. FEEDBACK.

    5.1. You agree to cooperate with NetApp in using the Software and providing feedback, to NetApp concerning the functionality and performance of the Software including, without limitation, identifying potential errors, improvements, modifications, bug fixes or enhancements ("Feedback"). As Feedback, You will promptly notify NetApp of any known error or problem in the Software. Any Feedback made by You regarding the Software shall be the sole property and Confidential Information of NetApp. You shall promptly notify NetApp of any unauthorized release of Confidential Information. NetApp reserves the right at any time to alter features, specifications, functions and other characteristics of the Software.

    5.2. All intellectual property rights, including all right, title, and interest in and to the Software, the Feedback, and any invention, improvement, or derivative work relating to the Software that is conceived of, made in the course of, or as a result of Your participation are (i) proprietary to NetApp, and (ii) owned by NetApp or its licensors and licensed, not sold, to You.

6. TERMINATION OF LICENSE. This License is effective until terminated. This License will terminate automatically if You breach any material provision of this License. Upon termination, Licensee shall immediately cease all use of the NetApp Software, de-install it, and return or destroy all copies of the NetApp Software and all portions thereof and the accompanying documentation and, where requested by NetApp, shall certify so in writing to NetApp. Termination is not an exclusive remedy and all other remedies at law or in equity will be available to NetApp whether or not the License is terminated. Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, and 11 will survive termination of this License.

7. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE NETAPP SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY NETAPP "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NETAPP BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES.

8. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY & DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW (SUCH AS DELIBERATE AND GROSSLY NEGLIGENT ACTS) OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, SHALL NETAPP BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER ARISING AS A RESULT OF THIS LICENSE OR OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE NETAPP SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES), EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

9. U.S. GOVERNMENT AND EXPORT REGULATIONS; COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. This Section 9 applies to You only if You are a U.S. Federal Government end user.  The Software and documentation is “commercial” computer software and documentation and is licensed to You in accordance with the rights articulated in applicable U.S. government acquisition regulations (e.g. FAR, DFARs) pertaining to commercial computer software and documentation. Any dispute between You and NetApp will be subject to resolution pursuant to the Contract Disputes Act of 1978.  Nothing contained in this License is meant to derogate the rights of the U.S. Department of Justice as identified in 28 U.S.C. §516.  All other provisions of this License remain in effect as written.

10. GOVERNING LAW. This License shall be construed in accordance with and all disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, excepting its conflicts of law rules. All disputes arising out of this License shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Superior Court of the State of California of Santa Clara County and the Federal District Court of the Northern District of California, United States of America, and You consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sales of Goods is specifically disclaimed.

11. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, this License will remain in effect with the provision omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this License will immediately terminate.
